Update Swift Docs to describe plugin support (#944)
fastlane/docs: docs/getting-started/ios/fastlane-swift.md

## Currently Supported

> Fastlane.swift currently supports all built-in [fastlane actions](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/) and 3rd party [plugins](https://docs.fastlane.tools/plugins/available-plugins/). Make sure to update to the most recent _fastlane_ release to try this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fastlane.swift currently supports all built-in [fastlane actions](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/) and 3rd party [plugins](https://docs.fastlane.tools/plugins/available-plugins/). Make sure to update to the most recent _fastlane_ release to try these features.
```

Fastlane.swift currently supports all built-in [fastlane actions](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/). Make sure to update to the most recent _fastlane_ release to try this feature.

> ## PLugins 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Plugins
```

> When you add any plugin fastlane the corresponding API will be automatically available in `fastlane/swift/Plugins.swift`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When you add any plugin, _fastlane_ will generate the corresponding API and it will be available in `fastlane/swift/Plugins.swift`
```
